They forgot us on the block, got us in the box
Solitary confinement: how violent are these cops?
They need a early retirement
How many rallies will I watch? I ain't got it in me to march
I got a Semi to spark, the game's in a drought
Public housing, projects, cooking up in the Pyrex
My set, my clique, either getting money
Or running from homicide trail, that's if they ain't died yet
Trying to be rich, still I'm pledging allegiance
A predicate felon, a ghetto leader
Lending my poetical genius, to whoever may need it
I bleed this from Queensbridge, now living with my feet up
Never defeated, so a president's needed
You know these colored folks and Negros hate to see
One of their own succeeding
America: surprise us and let a black man guide us

What's the black pres' thinking on election night?
Is it: "How can I protect my life? Protect my wife? Protect my rights?"
Every other president was nothing less than white
Except Thomas Jefferson had mixed Indian blood.. and Calvin Coolidge
KKK is like: "What the fuck?!", loading their guns up
Loading up mine too, ready to ride
Cause I'm riding with my crew - he dies, we die too
Yeah, but on the positive side
I think Obama provides hope and challenges minds
Of all races and colors to erase the hate
And try to love one another. So many political snakes
We in need of a break, I'm thinking I can trust this brotha
...but will he keep it way real?
Every innocent nigga in jail gets out on appeal
When he wins, will he really care still?
I feel

Say a prayer for "Do we have to?"
You ain't right, Jeremiah Wrong pastor
In love with a slave master
Sincerely yours, USA's most brave rapper
Jesse carjacker, Uncle Tom kidnapper
Ask around: Bentley coupe off the Richter
Bitch called "Life": I pimped her, what
Politics, politricks, Klan-shooter
Deacon for defense, progress-producer
Nothing on the stove, a survival-booster
Gotta do what we gotta do
We ain't got no governors coming through to help
Anything we need done, gotta do for self
New, improved JFK on the way
It ain't the 60s again, niggas ain't hippies again
We ain't falling for the same traps
Standing on the balconies where they shot the King at
McCain got apologies; ain't nobody hearing that
People need honesty