Clap your hands everybody
And everybody just clap your hands
Ahh fly girls, clap your hands
Ahh fly guys, clap your hands

[Master G]Well if you're feeling alright and you think you're on
[Wonder Mike] Ah-somebody let me know
[Big Bank Hank] Well everybody in the place, put a whistle in your face
[All three] Scream it out and say *whistle* yooooo, hit it!

You don't stop
A-rock the rhythm that makes your finger pop
I said ah, hip-hop, ah thanks a lot
Ah c'mon everybody gimme whatcha got

I'm gonna tell you a little story about the Sugarhill Gang
[All three] With the pow pow boogie and a big bang bang
And if you wanna rap to the Sugarhill to the beat

Gotta rap in the key of R-A-P
Now that is over I'm ready to jam
Want all you people, to clap your hands
Tonight we're gon-na, scream and shout
We're gonna turn this motha -- sucka out
To all of you people that are ready to jam
Scream it out and say, I am! (I AM!)
Some-body! (SOME-BODY!) Now you know you're hot

Ah see I met this girl and I said to her, "Honey
If you wanna be my baby you got ta gimme money!"
Turned around, didn't mean no harm
I knocked her out, with my vicious charm
I said, "No no baby it's not like that
Ya see I'm all about makin that cold cold cash"
Started jivin around, started messin wit her head
And next thing I know, she wanted to go to *whistle*
But to turn me on, you got to be the best
Cause I'm the Master G, I don't take no mess
Like T-N-T, I'm dynamite
Ya see I rock your body to the early light
And when you wake up in the morning you'll see I'm gone
And check it out girl, you're all alone
Cause you just been hit by the Capricorn King
I rocked you gentle, I rocked you/me
I rocked you in and I rocked you out
You made me scream but I made you shout *whistle*

Go dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy
Dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy

See it's up my back, it's around my neck
Woo-HAH! Got them all in check
See it's up my back, it's around my neck
Woo-HAH! Got them all in check

Ah let's scream, and let's shout
And let's turn this function out
And keep keep it on, but you don't rush
Ah let's make this party the real Cold Crush
Let's scream, and let's shout
Ah let's turn this function out
And keep keep it on, but you don't quit
Let's make the party the sure *whistle*

Once upon a time not long ago
Everybody had on their radio
And then the fella came on with a groovy noise
To put the wiggle in the women and girls and boys
The word got around about three cool cats
Who put the ?foot?, BACK, in the pack
And let me tell you party people just who we be
With the help of Big Bank and the Master G


So get up
Throwdown
We're funkward bound
Hey the Sugarhill Gang is in your town
Now baby doll
And all you daddy-o's
You better get ready to move your toes
So get up
Throwdown
We're funkward bound
Hey the Sugarhill Gang is in your town
Now baby doll
And all you daddy-o's
Scream it out and say yoooo, hit it!

Shake it, but don't break it
Cause I know we can make make it
And if you're ready to party and you're dressed to kill
Somebody say, Sugarhill! (SUGARHILL!)
Sugarhill! (SUGARHILL!)

Ahh ahh, and let your worries take a chill pill
You go ahh, ahh, ah ahh oh ooh

Chicka-pow!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-haa -- hoo hoo!
(Hey could somebody turn their ?butt?)
Shake your body down, chicka-pow!
A get, a get, a get ready
What you see is what you get
And you ain't seen nothin yet
I don't think I'm bad don't box in no karate
Just an MC to put the boogie in your body
Go, back and forth then forth and back
We're the Sugarhill Gang we take no slack
Don't wear diamond rings or drive big cars
But the people just treat us like movie stars

We go dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy
Dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy
Dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy
Dang diddy dang di-dang di-dang diggy diggy

It's up my back, it's around my neck
Woo-HAH! Got them all in check
See it's up my back, it's around my neck
Woo-HAH! Got them all in check

Ah let's scream, ah let's shout
Ah let's turn this function out
And keep keep it on, but you don't rush
Let's make this party the real Cold Crush
Let's scream, ah let's shout
Ah let's turn this function out
And keep keep it on, but you don't quit
Ah let's make this party the sure *whistle*

Well I'm the Master G, and I'm the best
All the ladies say my voice is rated X
I'm a touch of lightning, a taste of fire
Well I'm the Master G, and I'm your desire
Young ladies, I said I rock the nation
Cause I got my own, transportation
I can rock just about, any age
So let your fingers do the walkin through the yellow page


Shake it, ah don't break it
Cause I know we can make make make it

You go ah, ahh, ah ah oh ooh
And if you're ready to party and you're ready to jam
Scream it out and say, I am! (I AM!)
Some-body! (SOME-BODY!) Now you know you're hot
You go ah, ahh, ah ah oh ooh