Ahhh... Fearless Four... Well, I'll be back for more...
They're here!
DLB (hu huh hah ha)
Tito (ha hah, ha hah)
Mike C (hey girl, hey girl)
Peso...

(D-L-B's) rockin it rockin it yes he is rockin it
(Tito's) rockin it yes he is rockin it
(Mike C!) rockin it yes he is rockin it (ha hu-hah!)
(Peso!) rockin it yes he is rockin it
We're all rockin it you should be rockin it, rockin it... rockin it

Don't, don't fight or fuss
If, you, wanna rock with us
Our talent's with us, so with us leave your trust
Get to the show train cab or bus cause we're
Rockin it rockin it yes we are rockin it, rockin it... rockin it

Yeah! Hah ha-hah ha-hah!
Wassup baby?

You know par-tay people we are back again
With a sure shot win
But we're much more better than we were back then
Not that we were before, but yo we gets more
AS LONG AS THE RETURN IS OF THE FEARLESS FOUR
Featuring DLB, Tito, and Mike C
And Peso -- hah, and we won't S-T-O-P
Cause see we'll tell ya from the top that our crew won't stop
SO LET THE BELLS JING-A-LING AND LET THE CHAMPAGNE POP!
Oh it's a celebration
Sort of a dedication, to all our fans throughout the nation
Who send in their letters and dial in on a cord
AND FOR ALL THE NEWCOMERS JUST GETTIN ON BOARD
Who wanna rock with us and turn the party out
Well we wanna know what the Fearless is all about
Why don't ya come along with us, if ya wanna scream and shout
And especially come if you have no doubt that we're
Rockin it... rockin it

Now, goin' one-by-one
Individually we'll rhyme to expand the fun
So clear yourself from the launchin pad as we blast off
We'll begin with the first, and end with the fourth
As we're rockin it (rockin it y'all) rockin it

My skills, will climb, when I start, to rhyme
And I'm always guaranteed to be on time
You're like me, you got good taste just look at my bod' and face
Microphone wizard is in the race and I am in first place
Cause anyway I am the best on top of East West
DLB's on top of all of the rest when I'm
Rockin it... rockin it

You know the rhymes are so bad when they come to me
I'll make your fans step forward, and other rappers flee
Ask me about my skills and I'll reply top shelf, ha ha ha
To tell the truth, well I amaze myself, hey how
Am I so good, well I really don't know
But I know that there's no other, quite like Tito when I'm
Rockin it... rockin it

Well I'm a million dollar boy and a billion dollar man
And if you got it I can get it with a wave of my hand
Got a voice so nice never say rhymes twice
Never have to explain, because I'm so precise
And if you ever wanna battle, you better prevent
The Mighty Mike C! MC President when I'm
Rockin it... rockin it

Well let's get right down to the bottom of things
We're here to get you on the floor with the music we bring
Smurfin out, shake bake and rattle n roll
Dance to the jazzy rhymes of the Great Peso
Comin out like a winner from the startin gate
Endin up like a champ you know, so great
I may be last on the line, but I'm one of the best
Can't you hear, my rhymes are funky fresh when I'm
Rockin it... rockin it

And we're rockin it... rockin it
And you're rockin it... rockin it

Now, even as we play
There's a new wave of sound goin' on today
We know your time is very precious so we won't stall
We'll just put some words together and tell you all
How we're Rockin it...(rockin it y'all) Rockin it

It's the computer rhyme, a new electrical shock
Consisting of weird noises all around the clock
But of course music plays along cause it's a must
So let us tell you who does all of this for us
(O.C) He stands up behind the strong
(O.C) He keeps the beat on time for so long
(O.C) Goes along dance, rhyme or song
(O.C) The Master won't steer you wrong when he's
Rockin it... rockin it!

(Crazy Eddie) In my opinion, no.1 protege
(Crazy Eddie) There ain't a record that he can't play
(Crazy Eddie) See him once and I know you'll say
(Crazy Eddie) Can hold his ground against any DJ when he's
Rockin it... rockin it!

Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Oh yeah? OH YEAH