Run.. (Run..) D.. (D) M.. (M) C.. (C)
Rock.. (rock.. rock..)
For you! (for you.. for you..)
Fresh (fresh.. fresh..)

For all you sucker MC's perpetratin a FRAUD
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold bored
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin Caddy, you fixin a FORD
My name is Joseph Simmons but my middle name's Ward
And when I'm rockin on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're (wheelin, dealin, we got a funny feelin)
We rock from the floor up the ceilin
We groove it (you move it) it has been proven
We calm the savage beast because our music is SOOTHIN
We create it (relate it) and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC make the other suckers hate it
We're rising (suprising) and often hypnotizing
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls (no braids) peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fade

Because the rhymes I say, sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could NEVER be stale

Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
All the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it anyway

Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Tears down the walls, some of the floor
With the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore

So listen to this because it can't be missed
And you can't leave til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
But you can't leave until we're through
So relax your BODY and your mind
And listen to us say this rhyme - HEY
You might think that you have WAITED
Long enough til the rhyme was STATED
But if it were a test it would be GRADED
With a grade that's not DEBATED
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
And all our rhymes make a lot of SENSE

So move your butt, to the cut
Run amuk, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion

We want to see y'all all in motion

Just SHAKE, WIGGLE jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound

Side to side, back and forth

We're the two MC's, and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or RUN
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one

Just snap your fingers and clap your hands

Our DJ's better than all these bands
HUH!!

We got all the lines
and all the rhymes
We don't drop dimes
and we don't do crimes
We bake a little cake with Duncan Hines
and never wear the vest they call the Calvin Kleins
Cause Calvin Klein's no friend of mine
Don't want nobody's name on my behind
Lee on my legs, sneakers on my feet
D by my side and Jay with the beat

Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay..
We don't.. we don't.. we don't stop!
Don't.. don't.. don't.. don't stop! (JAY!)
One.. two.. three..
Hollis Crew.. crew.. crew..
For.. for.. for.. for the love now..
Cool T now..
Hah, ?? ..
My, my man Jam Master..
Is in his place to be.. (JAY! Jay.. Jay.. Jay..)
The big beat blaster..
?? ..
All, the way live..
Re, remember you don't stop..
Kickin it, and you don't stop..
Rrrrrrrrrock, d-dot, d-dot, rock the spot..
Stick em.. and you don't stop, hah..
Run.. rocks it well, we-welle-well..
A-with the clientele..
Krush Groove..
Young ladies in the place..
We, we we're, we we're we're, we we're we're (bass)
We we're in the hottest space..
Ha (ha), Cold Crush, so Larry (so Larry)
Homeboys..
Now we're talkin autographs..
Autographs.. and autographs..
Fly girls.. in the place, in the place..
Homeboys..
Hollis Crew.. {*music fades*}