Listen closely, so your attention's undivided
Many in the past have tried to do what I did
Just the way I came off then, I'm gonna come off
Stronger and longer, even with the drum off
I keep on goin' and flowin' just like a river
I got a whole lot to give so I'm-a give a
Little at a time, new trails are blazin'
Action is in effect, and always stays in
Yeah, just like a shot from a cannon
I am the man in charge and I've been plannin'
A jam strong enough that it can lift your soul
I'm the originator, and my rhymes are made of gold
Once you hear the capital "A" rap, it'll stay
With you for awhile, it won't go away
Unless you force it, because it stays with you, my friend
And if you toss it away, I'm-a hit ya again
I project my voice so it's right in the crowd
There's a sign at the door: no bitin' allowed
And if you didn't read it I suggest you do so
Or you'll be stranded, just like Crusoe
Sleep if ya wanna, go 'head, get some shut-eye
A man broke his jaw tryin' to say what I
Say on the microphone, you shoulda left it alone
Just for the record, let it be known
That my ego's only partially grown
And never will I ever condone biting in any form, yo I'm only warm
That verse was the calm, now here's the storm
Next up (Yo, I believe that's me)
Craig G, light up the mic for the Symphony

This jam is dedicated to all un-optimistics
That though I wasn't coming out with some exquisite rhymes
But that's alright, cuz now I'm back
To kill all the rumors and straighten the facts of me
Not rockin' rhymes like I always used to
But you jumped on the tip when you heard me and the Juice Crew
You said, "Mmm mmm mmm, ain't that somethin?
Yo Craig, I heard you in that jam, and it's pumpin'!
I apologize. Oh yeah, and uh, can I have your autograph for me and my grandma?"
That's how I'm livin': on surprise mode
Don't even sleep, try not to keep your eyes closed
Cuz if you do, when you awaken, your so-called spot will be taken
I'll take you over like a greedy executive, cuz on the mic my prospective is
To be the best in all rap events, and since I have a call, I call experience
Next up...(Yo, I believe that's me)
Kool G Rap, light up the mic for the Symphony

Yo, Marley gives the slice, I get nice
And my voice is twice as horrifying as Vincent Price
Goes deep, till you fell in a spell of a sleep
And while I'm countin' the money, you count sheep
When G Rap strikes the mic, I recite the type of hype that you like
That make the people unite
I grip up hips and zip up lips, step on reps, you flip and wanna sip on my tip
Take a deep breath, because you don't have another left
Comin' back like I'm avengin' my brother's death
Makin' veterans run for medicine
Cuz I put out more lights in a fight than Con Edison
Rip the damn cage like I'm on a rampage
So if you want rage, I'mma make front page
Read the headlines, suckers, todays the deadline
Your head is way past bedtime
Can't kill though. Solo. Cuz you're still all...soft like a pillow
My rap is rougher than Brillo
So fear me, don't dare dare me
And don't compare me to him when you hear me
Talk about a battle but you ain't yet ready for war
Your metaphor sucks more than a whore
You can't replace me, ice me or ace me
Bass me, face me, slice me or race me
Bite me or taste me -- I'll show you that I got force
My rap burns your mouth like hot sauce
Run for water while I break your tape recorder
Serve the sucker: the order is manslaughter
Another rapper, G Rap wrecks, he's rated X, that means the boy is sex. Next
The amplifier gets used and abused. Pumps so loud, we might blow a fuse
This is anger, madness, ready to hang a
Rapper or singer: I'm puttin' up my middle finger
Next up... (I believe that's me)
Big Daddy Kane, get on the mic for the Symphony

Settin' it off, lettin' it off, beginnin'
Rough to the endin', you never been in
To move the groove with the smooth rap lord;
Like a bottle of juice, rhymes are being poured
Down your ear, crisp and clear
As I prepare to wear, tear and smear -- then I'm outta here
With a mark left that you can all cling
Cause rockin' a party? Yo, it's a small thing
I rip many places on regular basis, and broken down mics were the only traces
That I'd been there and there at the party
The mic had my prints, and on it was a body
So take caution. I'm not horsin' around in a throwdown, clown
I'm takin' yours son
So just acknowledge the way that I kicked it
Cause if rap was a house, you'd be evicted
And dismissed from the microphone, chokin' on a bone, cause Daddy's home
And battlin' me is hazardous to your health
So put a quarter in your ass, cause ya played yourself
Like a game in the arcade. You need a far aid
I'm walkin' the path that Allah made
I'll attend and then begin to send a speech to reach and teach
So just say when
So I can let lyrics blast like a bullet
My mouth is the gun; on suckers I pull it
The trigger, ya figure, my pockets gettin' bigger
Cause when it comes to money, yo, Grant's my nigga!
You've got the groove, emcees, freeze, stand still, nobody move
It's a sabotage, as I take charge. Don't barge, cause goddamn, I'm livin' large
Like a giant. You're nothin' but a midget, a small digit
You ain't hit it, forget it, quit it
I reign superior, always takin' care o'ya
No-frill rappers, you will evaporate, disintegrate, deflate to your fate
As the great will dominate straight to the state
Of reignin', gainin'. So put Kane in, that category. Period. End of story