I be more hipper than a hippopotamus
Get off in your head like a neurologist
Pushin more weight than Nautilus
Got a partner by the name of 2Pacalypse
The seven-oh-seven my roots go hella far back to Flor Terrace
I pull a forty out of my ballcap
And den I flush it down my esopha-garus
The group that I'm with The Click
Suga, D-Shot, Legit
Family orientated
Game related, it's the shit
Killing motherfuckers off crucial
Sittin em down neutral
Running through these lyrics as if I was fibered
Like Metamucil

Timah timah.... forty wata.. forty wata
Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main
Big timah timah, big timah.... forty wata-ahh
Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main
Kick that shit Suga

Here comes the top notch, ooh ooh ooh here I be
Clicked out me Suga T from the V
I'm quick to smob (quick to smob), always down for the job
Ya gotta strut that's a gang of shive (gang of shive)
Ooh ooh ooh I'm a fool
Slangin more mail as I smobs through yo' hood
Straight shakin all, these bustas and busterettes
Tryin to claim fame off my shive ass rep (shive ass rep)
Ohh, why oh why must I be so tight? (Why oh why)
Most folks tell me, Suga you ain't right
(Why oh why Suga you ain't right)
It makes me wanna scream while I make ya holla
Pullin a gang of clout like that al-mighty dollar

Suga Suga (ahh yeah that's me) Suga Suga
That's my sista (you know my name!)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl (ahaha)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl
Suga Suga (that's what they call me)
Dat's my sista (I ain't right!)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl

(Check the flotation!)
Nigga PHin on a playa makin mega
Tryin to knock the hustle just because we way too major
(E they try to test your testicles, you know that shit ain't cool)
Suga don't make me have to come up out the sound booth
And act a fuckin fool
(All these old ho-cake ass niggas, they make me so damn sick)
BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM ON A TRICK
Play a player for false and get rubbed off ya don't want malse
Fuck around and get evaporated

Suga Suga (ahh yeah that's me) Suga Suga
That's my sista (you know my name!)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl (ahaha)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl
Suga Suga (that's what they call me)
Dat's my sista (I ain't right!)
Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl

Cause I'mma timah timah.... timah timah
Forty wata... forty wata
Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main
Big timah timah... big timah
Forty wata... forty wata
Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main
That's what we do, beatch!